Separate serverless/dedicated import (#20282)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md

        You can also change the data type if needed.

    > **Note:**
    >
    > When you import a CSV file into an existing table in TiDB Cloud and the target table has more columns than the source file, the extra columns are handled differently depending on the situation:
    > - If the extra columns are not the primary keys or the unique keys, no error will be reported. Instead, these extra columns will be populated with their [default values](/data-type-default-values.md).
    > - If the extra columns are the primary keys or the unique keys and do not have the `auto_increment` or `auto_random` attribute, an error will be reported. In that case, it is recommended that you choose one of the following strategies:

>     >   - Provide a source file that includes these the primary keys or the unique keys columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >   - Provide a source file that includes these primary key or unique key columns.
```

>     >   - Modify the target table's PK/UK columns to match the existing columns in the source file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    >   - Modify the target table's primary key and unique key columns to match the existing columns in the source file.
```
